Title: Digital Lab Informatics and Automation
            content: Stay competitive by leveraging digital lab design and support
Drive lab innovation with automation, advanced data analytics and GxP compliance. Develop a cloud-based digital lab integrating physical components and application layers. Our end-to-end lab informatics services ensure seamless strategy, roadmap and technology selection. We help clients blueprint, design, build, test, validate and deploy master data management systems. We provide on-site assistance in R&D and manufacturing labs, adhering to GxP compliance.
Cognizant can help you optimize lab processes, boost productivity and drive innovation. Together, we can unlock your lab’s full data potential using advanced analytics for intelligent decision-making, create digital labs of the future and secure a competitive edge for your business.
Transforming the lab environment into digital QC 
lab can seem an arduous task with many challenges   and barriers preventing progress. Organizational 
change management is one of these challenges,   while lab workers are required to shift from 
previous set ways of working and embrace a new   learning path of the digital world. By nature, the 
QC lab ecosystem is fragmented with instruments   from different vendors, legacy systems, etc., 
and in most cases without any unified platform,   results in data are disconnected. Most 
processes are managed on paper, and analysts   can be reluctant to go digital with more and more 
vigilance imposed. But once they start realizing   the benefits like help in audits, reduced cycle 
time, speed to market, etc., they will start   seeing the value in making these changes. There 
is a growing pressure to provide timely access   to treatments and get them to market at pace. 
Companies are starting on a digital transformation   journey mainly to improve lab processes to be 
able to bring drugs, vaccines, and testing to   the market quickly and at scale. Unless they 
start their journey now, firms would lag behind   in digital adoption and associated expenses would 
be significantly more than the early adopters. Of   course, organizations must first assess their 
current position on the digital lab maturity   roadmap and consider stepwise milestones towards 
digital maturity. First, standardize or harmonize   lab business processes, methodologies, and 
technologies as much as possible. Second, set   a foundational layer with lab informatics suites 
like LIMS, ELN, CDS, LES, etc. Third, integrate   the various lab systems and data sources so that 
there is real-time data exchange. And lastly,   set up a central platform for data and analytics. 
Business goals are primary consideration when   scaling up the processes towards digitization. 
Analyzing the pros and cons for chosen platform   in alignment with business model and futuristic 
vision is critical for right strategic approach.   Hence it is highly important to choose right 
technology and SI partner who has expertise on   lab informatics suites like LIMS, CDS, ELN, LES, 
and analytics platforms for successful digital   transformation. It is never too late to start 
your digital QC lab journey. You can start today.