Title: Drive business growth with data management and artificial intelligence
            content: Effective data management is the foundation for impactful artificial intelligence—and a key driver of business growth. Our strategy and advisory services help you build the right framework for data and AI infrastructure and processes.
Our data services cover information architecture, platform design, modernization, governance, operations and geospatial intelligence, helping businesses across industries design, develop, and deploy conversational AI, generative AI, and agentic AI solutions.
With pre-packaged, production-ready AI use cases, you can deploy solutions quickly, securely, and responsibly.
ATOSS developed AIdriven solution to improve patient experience through continuous engagement and guidance across pre-conultation hospitalization and postcare continuum. Enterprises are looking to a single point of access informing guiding and enabling patients to access information or right level of care at the right time using AI and automation. Patient and frontline workers are looking for omni channel experience to find reliable information while searching questions on diagnosis medication next steps. ATOSS developed AIdriven care assistance across patient journey using cognitive virtual assistant platform for symptom triage provider and location search and trigger scheduling workflow. ATOSS digital front door application helps patient perform symptom self- triage and get instant recommendation to appropriate care modality. In the example, pregnant patient report symptom as having swollen feet based on severity of symptom application recommend home care consult doctor in next 2 to 3 days or direct to emergency department. Patient in this case is directed to self-care and provides patient education material to get home care. Digital front door application helps patient to search for provider and care location based on zip code and specialty. Ability to learn from patient search history and prior appointments to contextualize information. We are helping numerous customers adopt modern AI solutions to rapidly improve patient experience and drive operational efficiencies.