Title: Recruitment Fraud Alert
            content: We would like to bring to your notice that Infosys follows a merit-based employee recruitment practice with extensive screening steps. Infosys does not charge/accept any amount or security deposit from job seekers during the recruitment process.
It was observed that there has been an increase in recruitment fraud involving scammers who post fraudulent jobs openings, or who contact job-seekers with fake job offers. These individuals sometimes even conduct fraudulent interviews with an attempt to obtain personal information or money from the applicants. We have also noticed that certain individuals claiming to be from the Infosys Recruitment function are contacting prospective candidates pretending to represent Infosys with job offers. In case you or any candidate receives any unsolicited or fraudulent communication regarding a job offer or an interview call against payment of money, please stay alert and recognize it as a scam. On receipt of an interview call, to prevent falling victim to the same, the candidate may take some measures such as visiting the official Infosys website to verify the source and authenticity.
Disclaimer: How to identify Recruitment Fraud
Infosys never requests for fees for any purpose during or after the hiring process. Infosys will never request money for the opportunity to apply or work.
The hiring process involves at least one interview (virtual or in-person). Infosys will not request for an interview on any instant messaging applications.
The Infosys Recruitment team corresponds from email addresses with the domain “@infosys.com”. However, there is also a possibility of scammers to display the sent email domain address as “@infosys.com” fraudulently. Nevertheless, receiving emails will be possible only with the legitimate “@infosys.com” domain. In case any generic email ID ending with Gmail/Yahoo domain is copied while receiving a job offer or interview call, please be alert on the likelihood of a scammer.
The Infosys Recruitment team does not request or require personal documents like bank account details, tax forms or credit card information as part of the recruitment process.
For Infosys Limited, India - If you are in doubt or unsure about the source of job offer, please click
here
to validate.
If you believe you have been a victim of a recruitment fraud, you are requested to approach the law enforcement agencies immediately.