5 Ways to Get Users Addicted to Your Mobile App
https://www.smarther.co/android/5-ways-get-users-addicted-mobile-app/

So your app has been built, tested, and launched – now the real work begins. I know, I know. You’ve already poured your heart into this project. You’ve identified the problem, you’ve come up with the perfect solution and turned into a phenomenal app. Isn’t that enough?
We are more than just a development company. Sure, we develop anything from apps to custom software to websites, but our focus is on success. When apps we build blow up, we know we’ve done our job. After all, 80% of our business is from return customers and the best way to keep customers coming back is to make sure they make money!
Enough with the tease already! Let’s take a brief look at 5 excellent ways to get users begging for more.
1. Gamification
Gamification, as you may guess from the name, refers to a series of app techniques and strategies borrowed from video games. Essentially, it’s a way to continually engage your users, to keep them coming back based on the usefulness of the app itself (called an “engagement loop” in the biz).
2. Encourage Loyalty
You make them an offer they can’t refuse (no horses are harmed in the making or marketing of our apps). For Starbucks and Dunkin’ Doughnuts, this took the form of free coffee, though they are hardly the only two companies to approach app engagement this way.
3. The Right Monetization Strategy
App monetization is the biggest hurdles an entrepreneur will face. Making an app that’s successful is one thing, making money off an app is another. And there is no one size fits all revenue model for apps. Creating a successful mobile app monetization strategy requires forethought, planning, and patience. Lots and lots of patients.
4. Good Design is Good Business
App design is something that we talk about a lot. Part of this is that it is a somewhat nebulous concept that can be hard to pin down, especially for those from outside the industry. However, without a good design, the app won’t get used and will likely develop a bad reputation – one that is hard to overcome.
Good design:
is seamless;
flows from screen to screen (or action to action) logically and simply;
prevents eye stress and fatigue, which can lead to drop off in usage patterns;
creates and promotes an experience that is pleasing, engaging and just fun.
5. Hire the Experts
It’s probably better to hire an expert to replace your roof. While building an app on your own is unlikely to result in a nail in your foot, the point stands. We know what we’re doing – we have too.
About Smarther Technologies:
Smarther technologies
provide Web and mobile apps Development, Offshore Development, Web Design, E-commerce, SEO services across the globe. So, if in case you are pursuing any serious app development and marketing plans for your organization, Smarther will be happy to help. We have the experience and wherewithal to make your app a super success.