5 reasons why you shouldn't ignore mobile app
https://www.smarther.co/application/5-reasons-shouldnt-ignore-mobile-app/

5 reasons why you shouldn’t ignore mobile app
by
admin
|
Sep 27, 2016
|
Application
Mobile apps are order of the day. Gone are the days, when we thought just huge organizations and establishments like banks and corporate need mobile app. Today, the truth of the matter is each business, which goes for growing ought to have a portable application. More organizations have moved towards mobile app from simply having a portable agreeable site.
Constantly Connected
The boundary between work and private can advance to blur as staff complete work throughout evenings and weekend hours. Mobile device possession suggests that staff have the potential to remain connected to figure in the least respect times which can breed an expectation that staff be approachable in the slightest degree times.
Over the years mobile application development has evolved to bridge this gap between leader and staff expeditiously.
To Promote Your Business
Even Google is acknowledging that the planet of search is dynamic . The site’s new vermiform bird formula addresses the role mobile application development currently plays in search nowadays.
Users area unit a lot of doubtless to raise a matter into a mobile device than sort in keywords and Google is currently ready to deliver those answers. For this reason, it’s crucial for businesses to raise themselves what queries a shopper would raise that may lead them to their web site.
Apps For Everything
Earlier, a business owner needed Associate in Nursing workplace suite, e-mail, and industry-specific computer code to control business. Today’s business owner has Associate in Nursing infinite variety of mobile apps on the market, several for a way lower cost than ancient computer code.
The trend toward mobile suggests that businesses are thoughtful once it involves the computer code necessary to run operations, that is wherever mobile application development comes into play. Everything from asking and programming to project management is also moved to Cloud-based mobile apps.
To get customer feedback
Business can grow only when, it listens to its customers’ voices. And the easiest way to get feedback from your customers is by having an app for your own. Since you can reach your customers directly and they being able to contact you is a blessing.