DozPass (Doz Lounge) - Mobile App Developed by Smarther
https://www.smarther.co/mobile-apps/dozpass-doz-lounge-app/

DozPass
is an innovative idea and membership program for travelers. With the help of mobile app users can subscribe to membership and get access to hotels, restaurants, and EV stations for their convenient timing and get a relaxing time while traveling on highways.
Smarther
partnered with Doz Pass to create a mobile app for booking the highway lounge service. Users can install the
Dozpass mobile app
from Google Play Store and Apple App Store.
With the help of the mobile app, users can subscribe to various passes and unveil offers. DozPass offers lots of amenities in their location to relax and enjoy during travel on the highway.
What is DozPass?
Dozpass
is a traveler membership program powered by technology that grants members early access to hotels, restaurants, and electric vehicle charging stations. We are dedicated to giving our guests a luxurious experience so that they may rest easy and rejuvenate during their layover.
They also have a state-of-the-art, independently run lounge facility with plush furnishings and first-rate services, tailored specifically to the requirements of road warriors. Doz has a membership scheme that allows users to use any of the facilities in the Doz network, including those owned by Doz and its partners.
The Dozpass app, available for free on the App Store and Google Play, allows customers to sign up for memberships that provide them access to these locations.
Amenities
Equipped with advanced technologies and best-in-class in-house experience, Doz Lounge includes all the basic amenities required for a traveler on the highways. The arrangement is top notch which is similar with the Airpot lounge.
• Lounge Access
Discover the comfort of VIP lounge access, where you can relax in luxury, make use of top-notch facilities, and maximize your travel experience.
• Hotels Access
Gain easy access to a variety of hotels, assuring a smooth and enjoyable stay while you’re traveling, according to your choices and needs.
• Restaurant Access
With our restaurant access, you can indulge in a delectable cuisines with a variety of mouthwatering cuisines and eating options to suit every taste.
• EV Charger Access
Having easy access to EV chargers will enable you to embrace sustainable transportation, recharge your EV at your convenience, and contribute to a better future.
Membership
DozPass provides two types of membership for registered users as of now. Subscribe today to unveil all the access provided at the location of Doz Pass. Know more details about membership plans below.
Day Pass
2 Entry
Each entry 3 Hours
Validity for 3 days
Free for children under 16
Fee – Rs. 250/- For 3 Days
2. Entry Plan
12 Entry
Each entry 3 hours
Each point is equal to 1 rupee
Fee – Rs.999/- For 6 Months
How to access DozPass?
Dozpass is available to access from all kind of digital platforms including website, android mobile app and ios mobile app. User can login from their respective account and start install from Google play store and Apple App Store. Check out below for official links to access doz pass.
Website
|
Android App
|
iOS App
Are you Looking for Mobile app like Doz Pass?
Are You Looking for Mobile app like Doz Pass?
Smarther
provides the best Mobile App Development for all types of businesses.
Contact us
about your business ideas with our experts for consultation and get a free quote today.