Hire Dedicated Android App developers
https://www.smarther.co/hire-dedicated-android-app-developers/

Hire Android app developers who can create feature-rich, high-performance, scalable, and stable mobile apps. Our Android app developers have a lot of experience working on complex Android app development projects in a number of industries and producing high-performance Android apps that are up to date with the latest Android version. We create scalable and fully functional mobile app solutions for small, mid-large scale enterprises across a variety of industry verticals as a leading
Android App development Company
.
10+ years of expertise
200+ Projects Delivered
25+ Efficient Programmers
100+ Fortune Clients
Why Hire Dedicated Android Developer from Smarther?
Smarther offers a full range of IT services, including website design and development. Our customers all over the world benefit from cutting-edge mobile application development. We have provided creative solutions to our clients in over 20 countries through our services. Our team of youthful and active experts is effectively utilizing their technical skills to enable the required web and mobile app development solutions.
Our complete team of specialists is dedicated to ensuring that our clients are satisfied without sacrificing quality.
Time-tested business model
Diverse Domain expertise
Strong technical knowledge
Communication that is dependable and consistent
Over 150+ delighted clients worldwide have benefited from a flexible pricing strategy tailored to their specific demands.
Services:
We are a well-established Android App development company with a team of competent Android developers and specialists who can see your project through from start to finish. We are one of the finest Android app development companies in India , offering a wide range of services such as,
Dynamic Android App
— Our Android app developers are passionate about creating scalable, full-featured, top-notch, and robust Android apps that meet client needs.
Transfer and Update Services
– If you’re wanting to update an existing app or transfer an existing app to a new platform, we’re here to help you find the appropriate solution quickly.
Best Business Solutions
– To satisfy all of your business demands, we offer high-performing apps that can propel your company to new heights.
Consulting Services
– Before producing your need, we will conduct a business study, which will provide you with more ideas and strategies to target or reach your clients in the most effective manner.
Testing
– Before releasing your product, our testing team performs many tests to ensure that it is user-friendly and error-free.
After the successful release of our Android app, we provide complete support and maintenance to our clients.
Creating Android apps that are more powerful, smarter, and faster
Material Design
– Our team of developers will design your mobile app using Google’s latest design language. Our youthful developers are enthusiastic about learning new approaches and features.
64-bit apps
— Starting in August 2019, Google will mandate that all of its mobile apps be 64-bit. It provides a platform with increased performance and security. We produce 64-bit software, which ensures that they are highly safe.
API Level
– Google increases its API level every year. We can supply extra functions and features by leveraging the new API, which provides new features and functionalities. We offer support and development for all of the newest API levels and Android Dessert, which are backward compatible by default.
AR and VR
– Android now includes augmented reality and virtual reality as standard features. It is rapidly expanding, and one of the benefits of being the top Android app development business is that our team produced apps leveraging these features.
Hire Dedicated Android App Developers: Benefits of choosing Smarther
All of your demands will be met in one place, including strategic concept development, business analysis, software development, and web marketing.
One point of contact for all of your requirements
Over 25+ experts dedicated
A dedication to excellence and the creation of value
A domain knowledge repository that spans many industries
Pricing and assistance that is competitive
Upgrades to new and developing technology are ongoing
Steps To Hire Dedicated Android App Developers:
Step1: Inquiry
Briefly describe your ideas and requirements. Don’t worry, it’s safe and private.
Step 2: Choose a CV
By reviewing their CVs, you may narrow down the applicants who best meet your requirements.
Step 3: Consider an interview.
Conduct a phone or video interview with the selected candidates.
Step 4: Make your team more resourceful.
Select remarkable applicants based on interviews and add them to your team.
Process of Smarther:
We learn and Listen to your requirement
Perform a detailed analysis of your project
we make a design of your project. You’ll see the final view of the project by design.
Our developers start developing the project.
After 50% of completing the project, we’ll give a demo. When you are satisfied with our work, we’ll continue the project development.
This is repeated after completing 80% and 100% of the project.
Finally, You’ll get your product.
Engagement Models of Hiring Dedicated Android App Developers:
When you hire Smarthers’ Android App developers and engineers, you get customizable engagement models that efficiently fulfill a variety of business demands.
Dedicated Group
If your Android app project requires special attention, you can hire a professional team of Android app developers. A pay-as-you-go monthly rolling contract is another name for it.
160 part-time and full-time hours
No Extra charges
Billing per month
Only compensate for measurable work
Agile Controlled
You might request regulated agile engagement if your Android application project has a limited budget and wants some flexibility against future modifications.
Team agile
Perfect flexibility
Small projects
Complete budget management
Material & Time
You can request hourly engagement if your Android application project is undefined and requires continual effort. Another name for it is a pay-as-you-go hourly rolling contract.
Working hours based on requirements
No extra charges
Billing per month
Only compensate for measurable work
Major Industries we expertise:
If you hire Android app developers from Smarther, you’re getting a team that has built hundreds of apps for a variety of industries. Our Android application developers have worked on customized Android apps for the following industries.
Our Android app developers have experience developing mHealth apps that can change the way patients and healthcare professionals interact.
Make the transition from eCommerce to mCommerce with our Android apps, which download content faster and are more user-friendly than websites. Enable our Android app developers to do the work.
Smarthers’ Android app developers have extensive experience designing travel and tourism-related android apps that will meet all of your travel app requirements.
Solutions for Banking and Finance
Allow your users to install banking and finance Android apps because security in digital finance and banking solutions has become the most important element in app selection.
Hire a Smarthers’ Android app developer to assist you in implementing innovative learning approaches such as Education and eLearning solutions. This app primarily facilitates parent-teacher contact.
Entertainment and the Media
Most money is spent on entertainment and media. Make use of this habit by employing Smarthers’ android programmers and quenching their hunger. These apps increase the visibility and sales of your business.
Hire Android App Developer to make real estate app which is used fro users to search their property easily and more efficiently. They can also buy, sell or rent properties with real estate app development.
Awards & Recognition:
An Award Winning Mobile App Development Company
Enantra Awards 2017,2019 for Best Mobile App Development Company
At the ENANTRA Award, South India’s largest Entrepreneurship Festival 2017, Smarther was named the best mobile app development startup firm in Chennai. Enantra is a massive festival with events such as Investors Tank, Startup Street, Startup Award, and Extra bonuses.
GFNArt Award 2017
Best Technical Support Team
Smarther won the Best Technical Support Award at the GFNART Awards, which were held at Prasad Film Labs in Chennai and honor short films in various categories.
Recognized by Chief Minister of Sikkim
Mr.Pawan Kumar Chamling, Chief Minister of Sikkim State, honors Smarther for inventing the Kanchenjunga Mobile App, which allows residents of the state to contact the Chief Minister Cell directly.
Our finest Android app developer has the knowledge and skills to turn your concept into a safe, scalable, and successful Android app. Our Android app developers can gladly assist you no matter where you are in the planning stages of your project. We have consultants that can talk about your goals and difficulties, assess your current apps, and provide some preliminary recommendations. Hire a Dedicated Android Developer from
Smarther
to get customized and Unique Mobile Apps.