Learn How UX Design can Make Your App More Successful
https://www.smarther.co/android/learn-ux-design-can-make-app-successful/

How UX Design can Make Your App More Successful –
As a mobile developer, It’s a dream to create 5-star apps by which apart from just downloading user love to use for every single day. How do you get your app noticed, and how do you drive engagement? One way is to focus on excellence in design — from visual and interaction design to user research, in other words: UX design. Here are some of the tips on UX Design that can Make Your App More Successful.
#1 Provide a similar experience regardless of the device
Visitors area unit returning to your website mistreatment many various styles of devices. they’ll visit your website on their desktop or laptop computer, tablet, phone, music player, game console, or maybe their watches.
#2 Provide instantly recognizable and easy-to-use navigation
The key to providing a pleasant user experience for users is to understand that they are in search of content. They want information that you are providing on your site. The way they get there is by using your site’s navigation to quickly get to the content they are looking for.
#3 Make the most important thing on the screen the focal point
Users area unit a lot of doubtless to quickly scan the screen than they’re to browse everything there. Therefore, if a traveler or user desires to seek out content or complete a task, they’re aiming to scan till they realize wherever they have to travel.
#4 Ensure all links and buttons function as they should
It’s pretty frustrating to seem for associate degree item at the shop you would like for dinner, however it’s out of stock at the grocery. Users of your web site or application feel the precise same means once they click on a broken link or on a visible component that appears sort of a howeverton but isn’t clickable.
#5 Let the user control their browsing experience
There area unit many common irritants that have appeared recently on websites that lead faraway from users, like auto-play videos and hijacked scrolling. once you style a web site or program, you wish to let the user management their browsing and movement through the location or application.