Taxi Booking App Development Company
https://www.smarther.co/taxi-app-development-company/

Taxi Booking App Development Company
We have seen the enormous change in business over the last few years due to the growth of mobile applications in all industries. Taxi app development becomes the future of many
mobile app companies
. The major reason for this demand is that people nowadays are busy in their lives to save money and time. In Order to save time they choose taxi instead of public transport.
Where to find Taxi app developer?
If you are looking for
Ola Cabs
or
Uber
Like cab booking app, If you are looking for Ola Cabs or Uber Like taxi booking app, then you are landing in the right place. Smarther combines Innovation and Expertise to deliver best in class taxi booking app like Uber, Ola. Being the top taxi app development company, we strive to create something that doubles up your revenues.
We will help you attract more travellers to your business with an user-friendly UI/UX that will make your customers coming back. Smarther have a team of highly skilled and passionate Taxi booking app developers who create more user friendly and creative apps that matches your business needs and requirements.
Benefits of working with our Taxi booking app development company
We have a team of passionate developers who can develop both Android and iOS apps with latest technology
Experts in developing complex mobile app in both
Android
and
iOS
Domains
Secured source code
Easy accessibility and flexible
Connect Better with our customers
We are experienced in the mobile app industry for past 5+ years and done more than 100+ apps across the world till date in both Android and iOS Domain.
We offer:
24/7 maintanance and support
Bug free application
Provide both native and hybrid mobile apps
Applications with latest technologies
Taxi Booking App Development Key Features
Here are some of the main features which we build with our taxi booking app development service mobile application development for Android and iOS technologies. The functions includes in Customers app, Service Provider app and Admin dashboard.
Our process of development
We learn and listen to your requirements
Perform detailed analysis of your app
Create custom app as per requirement
App development testing and deployment
Highlighted features of taxi booking app development?
– Real Time Location:
Before booking , nearest location of the taxi should be shared to the customer in order to find the nearest and exact location of the taxi.
– Cash and card payments:
Nowadays carrying cash in their hands becomes unimaginable so payments should be accepted via credit cards / debit cards and the invoice should be
– Rate and Review For Service
Customer gives feedback after completing their ride and rates the service scale of 5 stars starting from star 1. Rating and reviewing is completely depends on the customers.
– Schedule booking
Customers can schedule their rides via taxi app from anywhere. Acknowledgement of booking will be sent to their registered email id or mobile number.
If you are looking for building your taxi apps, reach smarther one of the leading Taxi booking app development company will provide you the best soultion that helps in improving your business.