Why AI Is a Game Changer in Custom Mobile App Development
https://www.smarther.co/artificial-intelligence/why-ai-is-a-game-changer-in-custom-mobile-app-development/

In recent days, many businesses who want to develop their mobile application are expecting AI integration. Rapid growth of Artificial Intelligence in mobile apps has many reasons for its functionalities like Personalization, prediction, automation and data security. Because of its optimal performance developers use this latest technology to deliver a seamless experience for mobile app users. In this blog let us discuss how AI transforms the custom mobile app development.
What is AI in Mobile App Development?
AI in mobile app development is nothing but the integration of AI algorithms, machine learning into mobile apps which assists to improve the mobile app security, user experience, automation and to make the mobile app more efficient. Using this advanced technology in mobile apps helps to analyze the user data to provide best suggestions and it contains many features like personalization, chatbots, voice recognition and image recognition. For instance, if a healthcare app integrated with artificial intelligence helps to analyze the symptoms and health issues which is serious for providing suggestions and it also enhances the mobile app security.
How AI is revolutionizing the Mobile Apps
Personalized User Experience
AI powered mobile apps analyze the user activities and interests based on that it can provide suggestions to users from finance to healthcare. For example, if someone is using a shopping application with AI incorporated within it, will receive suggestions such as best products to you like that so that users can be in a mode of getting attracted to its products.
Related
:
Building AI-Enhanced Learning Apps for the Next Generation
Easy Navigation and Search
AI also allows voice-based search and image-based search, which brings convenience to a new level. Integrated voice technology such as Siri, Alexa, or Google Assistant, by this user can engage with the mobile app in natural language and minimize friction to the overall satisfaction with the help of automatic recommendations.
AI Chatbots with Automation
AI powered chatbots help to reply to user queries, schedule meetings, remind deadlines and travel arrangements anywhere and at any time. This feature helps users 24/7 and it will be very helpful for users for engagement. This leads to assisting in more interactions with users.
Helps Business for Analytics
Mobile apps integrated with artificial intelligence helps businesses to find the user activities and purchasing patterns. We can also optimize marketing strategies and ads for more sales. This helps business sectors to improve their revenue growth.
Advanced Data Security
Another important feature in AI is advanced data security for mobile apps. AI-powered mobile apps identify fraud detections by leveraging some of the factors. We can also integrate login options with face recognition, fingerprint and also voice recognition. This technology helps users to be secured and stays away from fraudsters.
Related:
Building AI-Driven Real Estate Apps for Smarter Property Discovery
Popular Live Applications with AI Integration
Google Maps
Google maps, one of the most popular daily using mobile apps by users, contains AI integration for tracking real-time tracking, and providing best routes. By analysing the big amount of data from many users it provides the best routes for reducing the time which will be very helpful for travelers and delivery professionals.
Zwiggy and Zomato
Both Zwiggy & Zomato are the leading food delivery apps in India. Using this latest technology both the food delivery platforms can deliver personalized food suggestions for users. It can provide recommendations based on the users search queries and AI analyses the nearest store for food delivery and also assists riders for routes for smoothening the food delivery process.
Amazon
Amazon, the best shopping mobile app with the strength of AI models is applicable in mobile apps. Since AI has been integrated in Amazon apps, it also helps to give product recommendations to users based on product search history and purchase history. Implementing this technology in shopping mobile apps will help to increase the sales of shopping business and provide a better shopping experience for users.
Related
:
AI-Powered Food Delivery App Development: Personalization &#038; Route Optimization
Conclusion
Thus, from the above article we came to know that AI is improving custom mobile apps and it’s fully changing the way how they work. From this itself we came to know that using AI in businesses will grow big with higher user engagements and more conversions. If you are looking to develop a custom mobile app development company in Chennai, then look no further than Smarther, Mobile apps with AI integration will be the favourable choice among users for best experience.