Digital Banking Solutions | Cognizant
https://www.cognizant.com/us/en/industries/banking-technology-solutions

Revolutionizing legacy modernization with AI
Legacy modernization is more critical now than ever before. It's no longer just about efficiency—it's about staying power and securing a competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving digital landscape.
AI-driven solutions are becoming a competitive
requirement for banks and other financial services companies. AI is delivering real value and organizations
that embrace emerging AI technologies that can learn and adapt on their own, without
explicit programming can look forward to even greater benefits. To capture these benefits as AI restructures
each element in the value chain, financial institutions will need to focus on doing the
following: craft business-driven AI strategies to identify opportunities to generate concrete
business value from AI; enhanced data management: a challenge for many financial institutions
that have fragmented data architectures with multiple legacy systems, adopt an experimental
mindset so failures are terminated promptly while successes are moved into production
and create and maintain responsible AI applications which you need to behave in ways that make
customers and employees comfortable. Our report offers recommendations on the near
term and mid-term investments in AI that will drive true business returns. To find out more download our report: https://www.cognizant.com/AI-in-Financial-Services
good morning I'm Manan Gaba I have ronic Doshi from Everest he's a partner for bfsi and nagesh chali on my right he leads Banking and capital markets business unit for cognizant and we are here talking about the recent ratings that we got from Capital markets or my first question to you U how are you looking at the demand themes and trends that are shaping them in markets and also importantly how are you seeing cognizant shaping up in the response to these opportunities yeah again thanks man and nages for having me um again Capital markets um you know is is is an interesting area right within financial services and it gets overshadowed when our conversations around Banking and insurance I think it gets that due attention when we do our Capital markets you know Peak Matrix assessment and this one is focused on tech services IT services as an area and one of the core themes that drove most of our discussions this year was around cost and cost takeout I think that was the major theme that we heard and it was not just about cost but the cost and the nature of how do I get value from my existing Investments how do I drive more productivity and how do I use the power of technology in driving that Machinery further so that was one big theme that we saw the second big theme that we picked up was modernization of infrastructure and not just the it infrastructure but Marketplace infrastructure to be able to kind of deal with uh you know new products like alternative asset classes sustainability products and other things but at the same time the ability to kind of create better experiences for your ecosystem for your clients for your partners for your employees as you're doing operational efficiency mandate so that was a second big theme the third was more of an operating model changes there's a lot of silos between the operations and technology and it teams and I think that breaking down the operational silos was another theme that we picked up in this cycle uh which was primarily what we are calling as product it operating model or platform operating model of getting it and Tech to IT Tech and business operations together to kind of Drive what you would call as business okrs or objectives and key results how do you drive that I think that is what is shaping up and these okrs are are the standard ones right we're talking about compliance we're talking about uh managing the resiliency of the systems we're talking about scalability growth experience so those Dimensions don't change but how do you align the teams to drive that has been the key thing I think from a cognizant perspective I know nages you should definitely talk about it but from my vantage point uh I think your code proposition around the modernization themes what you are doing along with partners and the ecosystem I think that was something that I kind of took home and it's a it's a focus across the value chain from a capital markets perspective so it's the breadth and and then the depth across different micro lines of businesses if you want to call them is is that something that is driving right be market infrastructures right be we're talking about Asset Management we're talking about wealth management each of these individual units they have their own unique themes and how do you align your Solutions and your partner capabilities and bringing it together I think kind of you know definitely is being seen in the results and you know when you read it you will definitely kind of go through that that's that's very happly said so Nish to you I think he has clearly analyzed very well uh how do you really see us preparing better to you know deliver these okrs outputs for our clients absolutely no thanks man thank you very much Rak and thanks for you know including us in the assessment the peak metrics assessment also you know rating us uh with respect to the value and the clarity that we bring to the market so uh you know I think uh what you said is absolutely right in terms of how we have segmented ourselves and the way we defined our goto Market strategy not just looking at you know one Capital markets as you said is a subject matter intensive uh you know uh segment and within that how we've looked at the various Subs segments right set wealth management or you talk about the custody the market infrastructure you know each of these things have unique uh aspects uh you know that are specific to these Subs segments and how do we tackle those right how do we create Solutions and uh how do we work with the partners but you know going back to the three things that you have uh said in terms of how are we delivering value to the client while they're all challenged with you know the current uh you know environment uh which is being costc conscious trying to to make sure they save a lot more right so I think that's one thing that you know if I look at it the way cognizant is approaching that uh aspect is to you know one continue to work with clients in trying those looking at those specific opportunities leveraging you know some of our tools like uh neuro it neuroi and and help optimizing the cost in their current environment but also uh you know what what is happening in the industry is I would say a Monumental shift right uh you know the wealth shifting you know there is a wealth generational shift that's happening that's a big shift and and through that there are many things that that would be happening right the new buying patterns there are new products that these younger generation is expecting and and how do we actually launch all of those things how do we how can we help clients in launching those while working on their cost side of the equation is where we are focusing our energies on right so I think that's that's definitely uh our our you know the way we are looking at delivering value to the clients going on to the second one right I think the new products again extending our conversation the generational wealth shift that's happening and and the new set of requirements that are uh you know coming out of these uh new new uh you know client and new client behaviors is you know whether it's Alternatives or you know private markets uh you know or or look at uh you know the tokenization and things like that which is being driven from the industry perspective and then you know adding all uh to this is the compliance set of requirements so how do we look at all of these aspects and how do we make sure we continuously uh you know evolve our own teams continuously uh you know work with our talent to be able to upskill and to be able to work with the clients in delivering some of these Solutions I think that's the that's how we are trying to see you know how we can uh you know be ahead in the market and and be uh proactive in working with clients in creating these capabilities and delivering the capabilities to their end clients right and the third one uh obviously is uh you know you're you're absolutely right I mean the clients are looking at an end to-end solution it's no longer about it and uh uh you know uh operations right no longer technology or business operations I think gen as you have seen is probably the biggest shift that has happened you know which truly helps combine both of these together and truly bring that platform uh LED thinking platform light solution right and that's where you know we are work leveraging some of our own platforms be it Merit soft or some of the tools that you have built over years to see how we can deliver these services in much more efficient way and and in much more you know with a better experience we're also looking at the partners how can we liage the partners because you know one one one great thing about cognizant is you know while we've got certain tools but we have been working with Partners extensively in creating Solutions around their products and and see how we can build an overall platform and bring that to the client so it's Al always about you know the time to Market at the uh you know lowest possible TCO is what we're looking at well said thank you so much for your time
Good afternoon. This is Cognizant financial services analyst and advisor series. Uh welcome to the series. Uh here uh my name is Nageshwar Chirupali. I uh I'm responsible for the uh banking capital markets and insurance business unit for Cognizant. Here we have uh uh two of our friends uh Andy from Nelson Hall and uh Vikrant uh who's who runs a banking business unit who runs banking business unit for Cognizant and uh the idea is to understand uh you know the whole core banking uh services and you know some of the perspectives that we want to hear from Andy on uh what he's seeing he's seeing in the industry and how he uh you know what is a perception of cognizant and how we've been uh doing in this uh specific area of core transforming core banking services and also you know hear from vikrant on uh what are some of the unique uh uh aspects of uh our services what are some of the unique solutions unique accelerators that we have been able to uh bring to the table so with that uh Andy uh if you could just share uh you know a little bit of your introduction and also talk about the recent report that you've released on transforming the core banking uh services and uh what are some of the facets that you've looked at and how you see the industry uh moving in the direction? Thank you, Nagash. Yes. Uh well, our conversations with banks have indicated that there is a growing interest in pursuing uh core banking transformation. We recently conducted a study of 120 banking executives. It was a study where 60 of them were in retail banking and 60 in commercial banking. And uh they uh uh clearly identified that core banking transformation is a high priority. We asked uh which of the technologies are important or very highly important to them and the for making this transformation and the one that came out highest was cloud technologies with 98% of retail bankers and 95% of commercial bankers identifying it as an extremely high priority technology for them. Uh there were others that had extremely high uh uh uh priority for them but not as high as uh the cloud which uh took number one position. We also asked them what part of the bank uh which business lines needed transformation the most and in retail banking it was lending and core banking. In both of them, 55% of the executives responded uh that that was uh a very high priority to transform those business units. In commercial banking, it was somewhat different with payments and core banking and that was at 35% of the responding executives that that was extremely high importance for them to transform those areas. So we conducted a global market assessment of the marketplace for transforming uh uh core banking services and we identified three basic pillars and drivers of why they need to transform their banking operations. The first was business model transformation. So they're transforming the core banking platforms and operations in order to transform their business model going forward. That varies strongly by marketplace or geography. In Europe, uh the adoption which is regulatorydriven for open banking is the transformation that uh is really driving uh core banking transformation. In the United States, it's a very different story. It's new product offerings. So, you have new products. Uh I'll pick the most recent in the headlines is crypto. The Trump administration is aggressively pushing for crypto to be adopted in the United States by the financial services industry. And that's a totally different set of taxonomies, a totally different set of challenges that requires real domain expertise. In order to accomplish that, you again you need to transform the platform and operations. Then finally in uh the rest of the world, Asia Pac in particular, uh uh banking inclusion, bringing in new customers to the banks and new demographics of customers, many who were previously unbanked is uh the primary driver across that you know I say rest of world but that's an extremely heterogeneous set of marketplaces and the leader of course in financial inclusion and the activities for transforming the banks there is the Indian marketplace. So that's the first uh pillar or first primary finding. The second primary finding is uh process automation or digitalization of processes and the uh cost structure makes it difficult to to uh uh continue moving forward uh in a an area or in the financial services where uh uh cost pressure is driving down margins aggressively. Uh but there's also the issue of banks having silos of businesses and silos of marketplaces and being able to standardize and provide visibility particularly for risk management across a heterogeneous set of silos is driving uh aggressively into process automation. None of that can be accomplished effectively without artificial intelligence and uh and moving forward Gen AI in order to be able to have standard visibility into an extremely heterogeneous environment of product offerings and geographies which are mostly impacted by heterogeneous set of regulations. And then the third pillar is customer experience. And again that is driven by uh artificial intelligence and Gen AI in order to drive hyperpersonalization in order to drive uh uh a better shopping experience across a heterogeneous and continuously evolving set of products for the customer base. enabling that customer base not only to effectively shop uh uh an evolving set of of financial product offerings but even to understand what those uh financial product offerings and to reduce confusion by recommending uh product sets based on uh exhibited preferences is again critical to uh uh success in that story. So there are three primary goals for how what the banks intend to accomplish. Uh it requires scale, scope and uh uh uh deep technological experience and delivery capability to achieve that. Thank you very much Andy. I'll probably come back to you and ask you in terms of how you see uh you know from outside in perspective uh uh cognizant uh helping some of the clients right based on your assessment talking to the clients talking to uh some of the other peers of ours and and also talking to our own teams right uh but before that uh Vikrant uh you know he talked about uh three key pillars uh one is obviously the uh business model uh transformation than uh the whole digitalization process automation and customer experience. So netn net I mean he talked about the whole new product launch and product based operating models. I mean that is this is evolving. So could you actually uh share on how uh we've been helping clients in terms of navigating through that whole uh uh you know uh environment of uh product based operating model. So I'll take a step back first of all right because we can't just address this problem without understanding what the banks are trying to do holistically right you talked about core modernization legacy modernization is something that the banks have been struggling for a long long time right now at the same time if I talk to any CIO whether it's a large bank whether it's regional bank whether it's a credit union the challenges are not just in modernizing their core it is also to do with Let's say the talent that is available right now, the plethora of products that are available in the marketplace, the kind of regulatory environment that they are in, the demands that they have from an innovation and a cost-saving standpoint, right? The threat of cyber security that is constantly evolving right now and then of course regulation, compliance, all of that stuff. So if I talk to any of these CIOS or CTOs or business today, they are grappling with the whole set of things that they need to accomplish and still show value to their business of the IT spend that they're doing on a year-on-year basis. If you talk to any of the CIOS, they will constantly say that there the there's a huge pressure on their cost today because a lot of their money is being spent on pa on licenses on infrastructure on people on just keeping lights on and the amount that is being spent on innovation is becoming less and less today. So the first thing that we do whenever we go to any new client I mean many of our clients are you know we've been supporting them for a number of years so hardly anybody is new today for us but the first thing that we try and understand is where are they in their journey from a transformation standpoint right if you talk about core banking if you talk about a product based kind of a uh approach that our clients want to take um what are they grappling with in terms of modernizing their legacy right too much disruption can impact them very severely because at the end of the day they also need to provide service to their customers. Right? If they're too slow then they lose out on competition. Right? If they adopt a wrong technology and a wrong platform or a product that they are not able to uh integrate within their environment then they wasted two or three years spent millions of dollars and that has gone nowhere. Right? So again we take a holistic look at all of those things. Right? We have a lot of partnerships also with whether it's products, whether it's platforms, we have specialized groups within Cognizant that are able to evaluate what is the right fit for the clients right and our approach is never to take a big bang approach take something because it is uh you know worldclass or whether it is industry standard or whether it has worked in one bank or the other but we try to look at fitment within a particular customer itself. Right? So a lot of that analysis needs to happen in terms of what is the customer journey going to look like over the next three to four years. Where are they in their transformation journey today and then we will do a holistic evaluation of many of the products and platforms that are available in the industry to see what is best fit for them. Right? We will of course do some kind of a P to make sure that hey this is the right fit for our customers and then we will embark on that particular journey. So it's it it's it's not a very simple answer to say hey you know these are the industry best this will fit this particular customer but based on the customer based on their size based on where they are in their journey we will do all holistic analysis and only then come up with a solution that is best fit not only will we recommend a particular solution and walk away from that but we will also make sure that we are implementing it for them. So we're not you know providers who will just make recommendations, make suggestions, do some kind of a consulting and walk away from the solution but we actually want to walk with them throughout the particular solution right and wherever we feel enhancements need to be made or integrations need to happen we will recommend those well in advance and we will help the client through that particular journey. So the ROI that the customers have um you know committed to their business is something that we also hold dearly and we take away those we take over some of those commitments as well. So our clients when they work with Cognizant they can expect a holistic solution they can expect us to do PC's they can expect those product partnerships to be brought to the table. they can expect us to do a holistic analysis and come up with what is the right recommendation and then help them through the implementation journey also. That's the kind of you know um spectrum that clients can expect from us. That is why we not only live the problem suggest the solution but solve it for the clients as well. Just one point there, right? Is there anything that is very unique about uh how we help accelerate the implementation or assessment of these various solutions or the capabilities? Are there things that we that we that we've done uniquely something that you can share how we've see a lot of that knowledge is institutionalized within Cognizant today, right? So that institutional knowledge which is either tools or frameworks um reusable components that we have built are readily available for our customers. So whenever we go to any client it is not hey we are doing this for the very first time but we are able to accelerate them through the journey by using all of those tools that are available to us. Excellent. Thank you. So Annie uh you know you heard what Vikrant had to share in terms of uh you know how we work with the client not just be provide them with a point solution but look at holistically end to end you shared you know what was the response of your the survey responses. So what are the banks expecting from providers like uh you know Cognizant uh you know in terms of helping them go through this transformation journey. If you can share a couple of snippets it'll be great. Sure. So the first thing that they're looking for is an outcome technologically speaking that provides them with flexibility because nobody knows what the next uh functionality set is going to come out, what the next uh regulatory requirement uh tweak is going to come out. So they need flexibility. That I think is the real reason why cloud is so important to them. It's not actually to move to the cloud but the microervices environment that enables them to have the flexibility. So what are they looking for from vendors like yourself? They're looking for frameworks that they can select from and and you have those and you have the neuro suite. They're looking for uh domain expertise. Not certainly they're looking for it for the financial services industry, but they're looking for more specific domain expertise such as the regulatory requirements within Germanspeaking countries, the regulatory environments within French-speaking countries, the regulatory environ requirements within the United States, and to be able to knit that together across a set of geographic silos that enable them to create a brand consistency and a riskmanagement transparency that would not be possible if you uh simply uh uh do it country by country if you will. Same thing across lines of business. And then uh uh they're also uh uh looking to to uh have a a consistent customer experience across all of that. So so those type of consistencies and managements and bringing in partnerships and you have a large partnership ecosystem. uh bringing in partnerships that can address each of those components and still provide uh emerging functionality for uh for their business to offer new something that's differentiating for themselves in the marketplace. Thank you. I just want to piggyback on one of the things that you talked about which is consistency. Every bank that we support today has any number of lines of businesses, right? And over the years, each of them have their own internal structure, their own applications that they have developed, their own tech stacks, right? Their own platform that they may have bought or integrated, sometimes even mergers and acquisitions happen. So one challenge that I have seen across all of these banks is what kind of framework that do you want to adopt at the highest level and force everybody to adopt which again takes away flexibility of every line of business because everybody will say hey my bank my business is different like a retail bank or a commercial bank or wealth management everybody will say hey my customer's expectations are different from your customer expectations so I need a different set of agility in my business or my applications but some some of the overarching issues that a CIO might face are the same whether it's cyber security, whether it is cost, whether it is user experience. So breaking those silos and making sure that they continue to be agile and making sure that common frameworks are adopted. I think that is another area which clients struggle with and those are areas where you know bank companies like cognition can play a huge part because we see some of these challenges across every single client of ours right so first time when we go and meet with our clients we try and understand how are they structured internally right whether there are overarching frameworks centralized organizations that dictate uh what their future strategy should be and then individual CIOS adopt that or are they broker into silos. Again, you can't solve the solution for one line of business and not go across all the others also. So, that's a very important point of consistency uh married with flexibility that you talked about. Perfect. No, thank you very much. Thanks for sharing your insights and uh looking forward to the next series. Thank you.