Funding Strategies - Customer Testimonials - Zoho One
https://www.zoho.com/one/customers/funding-strategies.html?src=zindex

"We love it and would never go back to pre-Zoho times." Since joining, Funding Strategies have found many benefits in using Zoho One.
The biggest and immediate benefit being the transition from spreadsheets to a fully-functioning system set up to track and nurture their leads and clients. "Rather than having multiple things that are not connected, not only do we now have a CRM, but we have it integrated with other applications," said Birgit. Having used spreadsheets in the past, their processes were not automated or intuitive and anything they wanted to track had to be done manually. Now with Zoho One, when they enter leads, a series of tasks are triggered and the sales team are notified so they can nurture the leads effectively. Once the leads become investors or matters, they are tracked closely to ensure each task is done at the right time to maximise customer satisfaction. "We couldn't imagine not using Zoho anymore. We track all of our sales and investments, as well as our clients' potential and actual investors. All of this functionality has been critical for us," said Birgit.
They've also seen improvements in productivity. "We can simultaneously run more clients at any one time, which has made it easier to launch, track, and manage things in general. I'd say we've doubled our efficiency," said Mark, "Now we can run 20 different matters with multiple team members involved and Zoho keeps track of absolutely everything. Previously if we'd run half a dozen, we'd be less efficient."
Another key benefit the team has experienced after using Zoho One for a few years is better customer relationships. By creating links and notes between investors and matters in the CRM, the Funding Strategies team has access to the background behind any call. If they are chatting with an investor, they can easily see what kinds of matters they could be interested in and vice versa. "It's a much better customer experience," said Mark. Zoho One has also improved the way they communicate and report data to their clients. "Before, we struggled with communicating to our clients what we were actually doing," said Mark. Now, in Zoho One, each client has a link to their own Analytics report, where they can view their dashboard with relevant statistics. "Giving our clients the ability to see a summary of our activities has increased transparency and looks more professional. It has helped a lot with our communication," said Mark.
Especially in 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, when Australia experienced a shift to remote work, the systems they had set up provided a lot of relief for Mark and Birgit and the Funding Strategies team. "From a business point of view, we are very lucky to have good systems in place. There are still plenty of opportunities in the market, it's simply a matter of having the information at your fingertips no matter where you are working from." Mark explained, "We did see a temporary drop in business, however our team was able to continue working remotely nurturing our investors, clients and leads and access our systems, so it didn't change much for us." Birgit added, "A lot of our team already worked from home or remotely. Having Zoho One during COVID-19 has really helped manage everyone, we are now easily dealing with any surprise lockdowns the Government may throw at us. For continuity, there is value in having a single system our team can use remotely 24/7."
"When you first start, you're not really aware of everything available to you. From a small and medium business point of view, there are plenty of opportunities to continue growing into the suite. It makes sense to have that one stop shop, rather than acquiring other apps that are external," said Mark, "We just have to spend the time and money integrating them."
Funding Strategies are continuing to experience benefits, as they have since implementation. With Zoho One, they started to nurture leads through a journey and build a strong foundation with each one. This improved communication with customers, led to better relationships, and increased customer satisfaction. They also improved internal and external communication because they can track all the touch points with each customer and leave notes as a communication history for themselves and other team members. This also worked to improve productivity. Instead of the team needing to contact each other for information, they can see everything easily and complete tasks faster, contributing to doubled efficiency. Now coming full circle, because they are more productive, they have more time to foster better customer relationships, continuing the cycle of benefits. And the ability for them to expand their use of apps makes this cycle almost exponential.