Zoho | About Us
https://www.zoho.com/aboutus.html?src=zindex

What started a decade ago as
a tool
to simplify online security has grown into a trusted password manager for workforces around the world—playing a key role in the cybersecurity strategies of thousands of organizations.
Introducing
Zoho Publish
, an all-in-one platform for chain and franchise businesses to boost reputation and improve online presence on top business directories.
Revealing a complete management software for accounting firms—
Zoho Practice.
It centralizes client management, simplifies tasks, and facilitates real-time collaboration.
Announcing the latest version of Zoho MarketingHub—
Marketing Automation 2.0!
It is a multichannel marketing automation software with features designed to ease the marketing process and generate sales-ready leads.
Say hello to
Zoho Solo
—the all-in-one toolkit for solopreneurs! Manage tasks, track expenses, accept payments, connect with customers, generate invoices, and more.
Catalyst evolves from a serverless platform to the simplest, pro-code, cloud development platform—
Catalyst 2.0!
It now offers a wide range of serverless, AI/ML, DevOps, and backend services.
Zoho Mail's 15th anniversary
15 years ago,
Zoho Mail
delivered its first email! Over the years, it has evolved to become more than just an inbox, helping in the all-rounded communication and email management of any organization.
Zoho Cliq 5.0,
an exclusive, enterprise-centered collaboration platform for businesses with AI enhancements is live! Explore our dedicated app for conference rooms, live events, and other updates.
Introducing
Zoho QEngine
, a robust test automation software that helps create, manage, and execute test cases to ease the software testing lifecycle and improve its efficiency.
Say hello to
Zoho Billing
, a comprehensive billing solution that automates complex billing processes and manages customer journeys to help businesses scale.
Marking the milestone of reaching
100 million+ users!
Your trust in us made this possible, and we couldn't be more grateful. We believe this is the beginning of a new forever. Thank you for being a part of our journey.
Zoho Connect turns 10!
Ten years ago, Connect was born out of the need to communicate freely within our organization. Now, as an employee experience platform, we’re happy to be helping organizations
create happier workplaces!
Partnership with Savex Technologies
Zoho Workplace is now a partner with Savex Technologies, one of the leading technology distributors in India.
With this partnership
, we aim to reach more businesses with our comprehensive suite of communication apps.
Zoho Survey turns 10!
Started in 2013 for better feedback, Zoho Survey now shapes customer, employee, and market research.
Ten years in,
thanks to our backers, we’ve revolutionized surveys.
Partnership with PwC India
We’re thrilled about this alliance, which combines our diverse product portfolio with PwC’s expertise to assist medium-to-large Indian businesses in speeding up their
digital transformation
and staying ahead of the competition.
Introducing end-to-end field service management with
Zoho FSM.
Streamline operations, mobilize the workforce, and simplify billing to deliver excellent service experiences.
Zoho People turns 15!
Since our humble beginnings in 2008, we’ve been committed to helping thousands of HR teams build meaningful human connections and simplify their HR operations.
Explore our journey!
Zoho Contracts turns 2!
With an aim to streamline contract management for businesses, we launched
Zoho Contracts
two years ago. It has been an incredible journey delivering contracting excellence.
Bigin turns 3!
Celebrating
three years
of empowering small businesses and startups, simplifying customer operations and creating ever-lasting customer relationships.
Zoho Marketing Plus turns 1!
Manage all your marketing activities on
a unified platform.
With GPT integration, Marketing Plus has become even powerful.
New office in Nairobi, Kenya!
Million+ Users
We are thrilled to announce that we have reached a remarkable milestone of 90 million users. Thanks for your support and trust in us—they have been the cornerstone of our success!
Say hello to
Zoho Directory
—the workforce identity and access management solution for the cloud. Get a 360-degree view of your workforce identity with app and device authentication, provisioning, security policies, and more!
Ulaa
We believe no one should have to sacrifice privacy for convenience. That's why we have built
Ulaa
, a privacy-first browser prioritizing user privacy and enterprise security.
Zoho Invoice turns 15!
In 2008, we embarked on a journey to redefine how businesses send invoices and receive payments. Now, we're
celebrating 15 years
of making invoicing the essential task on a business's to-do list.
Say hello to
Zoho WorkDrive 4.0!
Enhance your productivity and experience advanced data administration.
Celebrating
1 million installations
of Marketplace extensions. With a thriving ecosystem of 500+ partners who've worked alongside us, we enabled 800,000+ users to do more with Zoho.
Introducing
Trident for Zoho Workplace
,
the unified work experience platform. Trident is the first native desktop application for Zoho Workplace, available on Mac and Windows OS, that caters to all of your communication, productivity, and business needs.