Careers at DXC Technology
https://nam12.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcareers.dxc.com%2Fglobal%2Fen&data=05%7C02%7Cjdarcanovait%40dxc.com%7C78d9341e545540893f6108dc9677b163%7C93f33571550f43cfb09fcd331338d086%7C0%7C0%7C638550688023427223%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=vEj4joES9JeZezt%2BEYrBymcWy8QoTJDa6SDxsvtz2co%3D&reserved=0

Important news on recruitment fraud warning
DXC is a values-based company, committed to always operating with integrity. This includes being thoughtful, honest, fair and transparent in our recruitment practices. Our internal recruiters are highly trained and any external partners who support our hiring process are vetted carefully.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Beware of fraudulent job recruiting schemes!
Our open jobs are posted exclusively on
Careers at DXC Technology | DXC Technology jobs
and on
LinkedIn
. If you find a job posted on a different website or job board, or if a role is sent to you directly, please verify its authenticity by checking whether it leads back to one of these official channels.
Be aware that:
DXC does not make offers of employment via social media networks.
DXC never asks for any money or payments from applicants at any point in the recruitment process, nor would we ask a job seeker to purchase IT or other equipment on our behalf.
All communication with applicants must come from a verifiable DXC email address and not from an Internet address such as Hotmail, Yahoo, Gmail, etc.
We do not conduct interviews via text, instant message or chat and we do not ask candidates to download software.
Job vacancies in DXC are advertised on our company’s careers page (
careers.dxc.com
).
Where vacancies exist, candidates are normally required to apply online solely through our dedicated secured network on our careers website and not through any other website.
If you receive a fraudulent employment request, save the message and send to your local law enforcement agency.
Do not provide personal or financial information and do not send money to anyone you suspect of recruitment fraud.
More information on employment scams is available at the following website:
United States
:
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/job-scams
. If you see or lose money to a job scam, you can report it to the FTC at
ReportFraud.ftc.gov
, to
your state attorney general
, or your local law enforcement authorities.
To protect the interests of all parties, DXC will not accept unsolicited resumes from third party agencies. Any unsolicited resumes sent to DXC from third party agencies, including unsolicited resumes sent to a DXC mailing address, fax machine, or email address, directly to DXC employees, or to DXC's resume database, will be considered DXC property. DXC will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume and/or a candidate submitted by a third party agency outside of DXC Application Tracking System (Workday). DXC will consider any candidate for whom an Agency has submitted an unsolicited resume to have been referred by the Agency free of any charges or fees.
If you are an applicant from the United States, Guam, or Puerto Rico
DXC Technology Company (DXC) is an
equal opportunity employer
. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,gender identity, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, veteran status, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other basis prohibited by law. View postings below.
We participate in E-Verify. In addition to the posters already identified, DXC provides access to prospective employees for the
Federal Minimum Wage Poster, Federal Polygraph Protection Act Poster as well as any state or locality specific applicant posters
. To access the postings in the link below, select your state to view all applicable federal, state and locality postings. Postings are available in English, and in Spanish, where required.
View postings
.
Disability Accommodations
If you are an individual with a disability, a disabled veteran, or a wounded warrior and you are unable or limited in your ability to access or use this site as a result of your disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation by contacting us via
email
.
Please note: DXC will respond only to requests for accommodations due to a disability.