Enhancing the lives of people with low vision or blindness through co-design
https://dxc.com/au/en/insights/customer-stories/enhancing-the-lives-of-people-with-low-vision-or-blindness-through-co-design

Solution
DXC committed to the project without knowing exactly what the technology requirements were. DXC involved both GDV staff and clients during the entire journey, from user research and design, through to building and testing the platform. The project team, which included several consultants with ‘lived experience’ of blindness or low vision, spent a great deal of time with GDV staff guiding them through a human-centred design process. SUT was involved early on to consider how the team could research and understand the platform’s potential impact, as well as during the actual platform design process.
Challenges were tackled as they emerged using innovative techniques and tools such as interactive workshops that were modified and adapted to be accessible for the participants involved. People were engaged in open and collaborative spaces which helped bring fresh perspective to the project; and all feedback was collated and considered in the eventual peer support portal design. The platform was also piloted with a small cohort of potential users to provide feedback and insights on enhancements.
This collaborative/co-design approach meant the project team gained deeper insights into the challenges faced by people with low vision or blindness during the solution design and build process which ensured the final solution provided meaningful experiences for everyone.
Alex Sarac, a lived experience consultant who worked on the project said, “DXC really cared about making this an accessible platform — for people that might be struggling with the same things I’m struggling with. It was a really considerate environment, and a very holistic approach to working together. The team made me feel like my input was heard by relaying everything back and recognising any frustrations. They demonstrated their understanding by providing me with an example or adapting some aspect, so it became more appropriate.”