Digital IT Operations Transformation Services
https://hexaware.com/services/digital-it-ops/

Security vulnerabilities will continue to increase, but you don’t have to face the challenge alone. We’ll guide you through the process of making sure your enterprise is prepared for current and future risks. Our vulnerability assessment service will identify holes within your organization’s IT infrastructure and recommend areas of improvement based on risk and scope.
As a corporation grows, so does the complexity of the technology that powers it. Let Hexaware help you seamlessly integrate your organization’s technology platforms into a dynamic solution that meets your evolving needs.
Data is the fuel that powers a modern digital enterprise. Handling the complexities that come with that data requires experience and strategy. Let us help you determine the right strategy for managing, storing, governing, and securing your data.
Keeping up with the ever-changing regulatory landscape is an ongoing challenge. We’ll leverage our expertise to ensure you comply with the latest industry standards and legal requirements.
[Music] hi my name is shelita Jenkins and I'm with voner as a service now architect vontier was looking to redesign our current cmdb some of our pain points with our current cmdb was we had data quality issues we had process issues I cmdb wasn't being governed and we had no team collaboration basically people didn't know how to use cmdb they didn't even know what cmdb was so we partnered with hexaware to help us redesign our cmdp the project lasted around 16 weeks as hexaware assess our current cmdb and brought in those best practices hexaware built our cmdb to help us integrate with one tool that was collecting our inventory to transform it over into service now hexaware Leverage The csdm and basically help us understand the model that we should follow when implementing cmdb and asset management since then our data quality in cmdb has increased around 56% and our change execution has improved around 40% since the project we are getting stronger since we have redesigned the cmdb so with voner and hexaware collaboration and building out the cmdb I look forward to our future at voner in our cmdb journey and I thank hexaware for all the hard work that they put into helping us redesign the cmdb thank [Music] you