The Path to Success in Consulting
https://www.infosys.com/services/consulting/careers.html

Grow. Learn. Lead. Aspire.
At our organization, you’ll work alongside a team of experienced, innovative industry experts who bring a proven history of creative thinking, technology mastery, and transformational change. To fuel our continued growth, we’re seeking exceptional talent at all levels—from junior consultants to senior partners.
We are looking for future stand-out talents who are:
Bold Innovators
Have the courage to forge new paths, build on their expertise and take ideas to the next level of innovation.
Entrepreneurs
Seize opportunities. Welcome taking on significant responsibilities and collaboratively partner with our clients to drive their success.
Problem Finders
Are intrigued by complex business challenges and can develop unique solutions driven by a spirit of discovery.
Pragmatic Thinkers
Can turn vision into reality. People who are enthusiastic and focused on realizing expedient, viable results for our clients.
Infosys Consulting offers you unique opportunities to bring the most innovative thinking to our clients - and to progress your own career in a highly diverse workforce culture. Our career and coaching models will help foster your own continuous development and personal growth during your journey with us.
A snapshot of our roles include:
Analysts
The analyst role is our entry-level position, focused on building your knowledge and expertise, expanding your network within the company, and working on challenging project assignments. At Infosys Consulting, you’ll gain real-world, hands-on experience in an open, collaborative environment that supports continuous learning and professional growth.
Consultants
Consultants work on strategic programs dealing with complex, industry-specific requirements, while further deepening knowledge in their respective areas of specialization. They independently deliver high quality solutions and actively build key client relationships.
Principals
Our principals manage large engagements, being responsible for quality, budget and staffing, working closely with senior client managers. Principals contribute to the firm’s development by acting as counsellors and sharing knowledge. They are recognized as experts in their respective area of expertise, managing and guiding teams to success.
Partners
Our partners form our extended leadership team, jointly driving and shaping client programs and our own consulting business. This includes the delivery of complex engagements, bringing in new business, collaborating deeply with our greater Infosys program heads, and leading and inspiring our people.
Do you want to work for a new type of consulting firm? Are traits like ‘entrepreneurial’, ‘digital disruption’, ‘change agent’ and ‘tech innovation’ in your DNA? Then, search and apply for a role today!
Join us in the U.S.
Join us in EMEA
Join us in APAC
Click here to read our privacy statement